>> Marcy Sutton: So our app for today.
It's built with Gatsby and React.
And you'll learn a little bit about
how Gatsby works if you're not
familiar with that.
Some things I like about Gatsby is that
it has this server rendering built in.
So it's building with NodeJS,
you do a build.
It will render these static pages.
And then it has this client-rendering
component that will do that hydration.
To turn these static web pages
into a React application.
So it's great for interaction, sites where
you have a lot of interactivity, but
you want that fast performance.
It's a pretty great medium for that.
So the output of HTML pages by default
was what won me over personally
because not everyone has
JavaScript turned on or wants it.
And we can have a good argument about
how much JavaScript is okay to require.
I think for a lot of static websites, you
really want some of those static pages.
And something else about this app is
that this slide deck is part of it.
So once you pull it down, it includes
the application that we'll use as
sort of a test sandbox and the slide deck.
>> Marcy Sutton: So
it is now install time.
I have this application up on GitHub,
it is
github.com/marcysutton/js-a11y-workshop.
So we'll take a few minutes, follow the
steps to download if you haven't already.
Once you have this set up locally, you
can make changes and have it live reload.
And then you can even play with the slides
if you want, to see how those work.
The slides will always be
available on GitHub as well.
So, some common issues that I
think may have come up for folks.
If you are working with
an older version of node.
You'll want to upgrade that,
probably to the latest.
And when you do that,
if you delete your node modules folder and
the package locked JSON file that it,
just delete it.
Then regenerate with MPM install.
That should work out some of those kinks.
But we did all hit NPM to download
Cyprus at the same time so
it might take a little while.
Okay, so once you've got it up running.
If you run NPX Gatsby develop
in the project directory,
you can open it locally
at localhost:8000 and
I'll talk a little bit later about
a different command we can run.
But you can always reference
the slides online at
marcysutton.github.io/js-a11y-workshop.
In case you're having trouble,
you can follow along there.
And a quick note that a11y is
a numeranim for accessibility.
So the 11 letters in between the a and
the y.
If you see that reference,
that's what that stands for.
So, we're going to get
a couple of more tools.
For any Windows users,
I don't see any here in the room, but
for folks tuning into the course remotely,
if you're a Windows user getting
the NVDA screen reader,
we have one in front, two, okay.
Okay, we do have Windows and
it's super common.
So if you are running Windows, getting
NVDA is a really great tool to have.
It's a free and open source
screen reader built with Python.
It's used by a lot of people
with disabilities and
it's a fantastic testing tool to have.
So if you can start downloading that.
Also some extensions, the axe Chrome and
Firefox extensions are great to download.
A very similar tool is the Accessibility
Insights extensions from Microsoft.
That actually runs axe under the hood.
So we'll do some debugging
with those tools.
And on the landing page of
the application bundled in this project,
there is a bunch of more testing tools
that you can go and play around with.
So to show you that page, this is the app
that's running at localhost port 8000.
So the landing page has a bunch of
resources, there's testing tools.
Screen reader cheat sheets,
if you're new to that.
Some accessibility docs for frameworks,
so specific frameworks like React,
Ember, Angular has a new one,
it's amazing.
React native, and
Ionic Mobile Framework if you are in
the native accessibility space.
We're not really going into that today.
But I do have a link in the resources for
mobile accessibility at the W3C.
If you're curious about how
accessibility applies to native mobile,
you can learn about that.
And I've got some books and other
resources that I keep around just because
people always want to know,
where can I go to learn more?
So you have a bunch of resources here.
And if we look around this application in
the sidebar, we have a number of demos.
You will see that there are the sort
of bad implementations,
the things that I see out
in the wild quite often.
And then the better regions are blank,
because that's where we will fill
in more accessible examples,
as much as we can in the amount of time.
Creating a production-ready component
takes quite a bit of time, so
we'll get as far as we can.
But I have the concepts listed here as
well just to have that in our minds,
of like, okay,
I should be keeping those things in mind.
So if you don't want to work with React,
I have a couple of options for you.
You can play with a tool called Parcel,
and I love it for prototyping.
So you can clone a scaffolding
project that I've set up.
It's
github.com/marcysutton/parcel-prototype-s-
caffold.
And it will pull in Parcel for you and
it gives you the HTML file and script.
And what I love about it is you can
go into the script in there and
just run NPM or
NPM install from your command line.
And then in the script, you can
import Angular, or import View, and
you can also use projects like
create react app if you like.
But this I love for prototyping because
you can pull in view libraries,
like React, without the whole
build system components so
you can get a little bit simpler.
And so for prototyping,
it's just nice to keep it simple and
know exactly what you've installed and
what you have going on.
It will live reload.
So if you make an edit to
the index HTML file or
the script,
it will just reload it in your browser.
Makes it pretty nice.
Alternatively, you could use
something like Codepen or
Codesandbox to not even worry
about doing any of this install.
A lot of our examples that are the non
React examples I have are on Codepen.
So prototyping I think is a really
important part of working in JavaScript
applications because a lot of times the
build systems are so complex, and a lot of
the tooling around it, that it's sort
of hard to just play around with a UI.
And I think accessibility we
should be doing early on,
especially if you can prototype
with a designer, maybe you pair up.
And you can just work through
an accessible user interface in
a prototype fashion.
So I'm a big proponent of that,
especially because we can work with
people who are stronger in HTML and
CSS, by having this prototyping,
these roles on our teams.